And while that's going,
let me set the challenge and
I'm gonna do this up here complete
Remote, update, call.
Complete, remote,
delete, call.
And Completed
operation, so
this is the challenge I want.
I think that's pretty noble there,
so let me go back in
The challenge description, good push.
All right, so now this is up.
And I have a question here from Camille.
Are services persistent?
And the answer is yes.
They are persistent.
And so the point is that you want
to load your data in one place
in a persistent service, and
then basically pull that in or
consume that to your components.
And so that's very much the idea is that,
once they're created, they are in a sense,
a singleton, especially when
you do provide it in route.
And so that's the idea if you have
the singleton service that exists,
that is has your application state for
the life cycle of that application.
And so now in the way that I'm coding it,
my services are not stateful,
but I could put it in the service and
then consume in two different components.
So we're doing it a little bit
funny this way to be reactive,
but as a whole typically what I would do
is put my state in, like an object store.
And then essentially anybody who
needs that data would pull that
off from that and
consume it and then display it.
So really, really good question.
But exactly is that they're persistent,
other signals in and
that's how you essentially share or
consolidate your data into a single place.
So, what I'm going to do is give everybody
an opportunity to do the challenge,
and then we'll come back and
I will show you the answer.